hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2002 fantasy adventure film
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
the second Harry Potter film so let's
get started the spoiler does rely in
part that you've seen the previous film
if you need to see a spoiler for that
check out the cards listed above during
the summer between his first and second
year Harry meets a house elf named Dobby
who warns Harry that dangerous things
will happen to Harry if he returns to
school Dobby reveals that he has been
intercepting the letters from Harry's
friends all summer long and Harry chases
Dobby and Dobby ants destroying a cake
and the Dursleys lock Harry up however
Harry is saved by Ron and his family in
a flying car because ron was concerned
about not receiving responses to his
letters while buying school supplies
they encounter a celebrity author and
wizard named Gilderoy Lockhart who
announces that he will be the new
Defense Against the Dark Arts professor
at Hogwarts Harry also encounters Draco
Malfoy Harry's schoolyard nemesis
throughout the films and his father
Lucius Lucius flips a book into the bag
of Ron's younger sister Ginny Dobby
blocked Harry and Ron from boarding the
train to school so they take Ron's
flying car but end up crashing into a
whomping willow Harry ends up finding a
message at the school saying Chamber of
Secrets has been open enemies of the
heir beware
Professor McGonagall explained that one
of the school's founders Salazar
Slytherin constructed a secret chamber
in the school and place a terrible
monster that only his heir could control
in order to purge the school of impurity
witches and wizards Harry and his
friends suspect that Malfoy is the heir
so they use a Polyjuice potion a potion
that allows them to transform into the
form of others in order to question him
at another point Harry communicates with
a snake something Salazar Slytherin was
known to be able to do and many in the
school believe that Harry is actually
the heir they find that the chamber had
been opened 50 years earlier and a girl
had died then Harry finds an enchanted
diary owned by a former student Tom
Marvolo riddle and the Diary begins to
talk to him and show him flashbacks
including one where Hagrid had been
previously blamed for opening the chain
after her Moines is petrified Haggard is
arrested but he is able to tell Ron and
Harry to quote follow the spiders the
boys travel into the forest and meet a
giant spider named Eragon who explains
Hagrid's innocence from a page that the
Petrified her Moines had they discover
the school's monster as a Pascal esc' a
large serpent that instantly kills
anyone who makes eye contact with it and
petrifies anyone who sees it indirectly
explaining the petrification that have
been happening throughout the school
year Ron says Virginia's taken into the
chamber and the school convinces
lockhart because of his world-class
skills to go into the chamber and save
her Ron and Harry discover however that
Lockhart is a fraud with no serious
skills and eventually Lockhart
accidentally erases his own mind Ron and
Harry also learned that the ghost at the
school Moaning Myrtle is the girl who
died in the chamber when it was open 50
years ago and she shows them the
chambers entrance Harry is the only one
able to enter after a cave-in and he
finds Ginny unconscious next to the
spirit of Tom Riddle Harry realizes that
Tom is actually the heir and used the
diary to manipulate Ginny into opening
the chamber Tom also revealed that his
name Tom Marvolo riddle is an anagram
for the name he would adopt later in
life stating I am Lord Voldemort a
battle ensues and Harry is able to
obtain a sword owned by Godric
Gryffindor
while Tom summons the Baskervilles
because of Harry's ability to talk to
snakes he is able to look at the Beast
and eventually slave it
he then plunges one of the basket fangs
into the diary defeating Tom and saving
Ginny later on Eric uses lucius malfoy
dobby's master of putting the diary into
Ginny bag and tricks Lucius into frame
Doug in a post-credits scene we see
Lockhart publishing a new autobiography
titled Who am I
a joke on his erased memory so that was
the spoilers for Harry Potter and the
Chamber of Secrets if you have another
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie's spoiler alerts on the
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]